well we continue in our neighborhood in
today's neighborhood freedom like
there are always people there are companies there
very interesting people we are with the
Lord of bread here several bakeries
but we took on the task of looking for a
sena student and here we have it
caballer like hola mucho gusto 2000
name is samuel román
well sir I'm in the sena I did a course
of bakery and well I was very well
because I learned many things that really
I did not know this way about the environment
yes because I worked a lot of costume arrived
like 10 years working on this like this but
then back on the scene then I
they explained many things about how
manage my company and how to manipulate
food and all those things and things that
because he did not know the truth yes
I had the knowledge as to
processes and everything but the proton of the
panels that all styles then
they had like no accounting
exactly yes sir because before I did not have
companies and works as an employee but
It's been a month and a half since I opened my
I run my own business and well
it has gone well yes and scene because it helped me
very much so that the senna or gave me
many knowledge that I am
exercising at this time and own
in three the work anyway
Always work on template yes gentlemen
worker is getting tired and they worked him
several bakeries
well
and seeing if I've met people
wonderful true good patterns and that
They have their inspiration to exercise my work
as independent
can be hand here is made
the funk that you want if you do
what whole bread for the most common
because people just because culture
people are more socialized with
the traditional products and here I do
the bread they need and the biscuits
also cookies
right now I'm working the line of
puff cafes and so he has
gone very well yes
and so bread in general and products what
need then there we are to serve
if only with watering balance then in
these moments I have the support of my
mother lady who is the one who helps me like that
in the labors and with it we have
he has worked both and we have gone very
well for sure yes gentlemen and then
is my right hand at this time
but anyway the thought is
generate employment and grow and grow yes
Sir
to see the neighborhood the neighborhood that neighborhood very
cozy if there are hard-working people
people with good qualities and very good
neighbors people who really support you
people who want to get ahead
h
the neighborhood as the neighborhood is well I
I see how I have been a month and a half here
well I have not analyzed well but what
I know the sector is very beautiful and very
quiet and very safe
the machinery has its bakery
see at the moment I have this oven
It is a static oven
the displacement is a displacement very
pretty good a table to work
I have a punt a blender all the more
important the basics yes sir he does
and this way it serves all day or a
part all day that we are from the
7 in the morning until 9 and a half of the
night attending and he tells us I need such
question of bread last days is already
clear if gentlemen is more in this month and
half here, I've had a good reception
with the cakes and because I have been sent
to do several because if with people
They liked it if they liked it and
so what you need if suddenly
if on special occasions snacks and
what are the puff pastry if anything
it is done if we are here to
serve them and then here depending on the
style and how you want to be the
fill you want or
it's a half time we're selling it
in 1818 but it is very rich healthy cakes
fresh and of good quality
well thank you very much they were selling us
Keep moving forward in our panel
it's already good many thanks and so
if I invite you all if you want to
my services my number is 317 6 51 34
94 if we are there to serve you
anything any event there
we are to collaborate fully with 33
18 600 0 18
and